fix(#3245): Add ColorArea and useColorArea docs (#3268)
adobe/react-spectrum: packages/@react-spectrum/color/docs/ColorArea.mdx

  componentNames={['ColorArea']}
  sourceData={[
    {type: 'Spectrum', url: 'https://spectrum.adobe.com/page/color-area/'}
  ]} />

## Example

```tsx example
<ColorArea defaultValue="#7f0000" />
```

## Value

A ColorArea requires either an uncontrolled default value or a controlled value, provided using the `defaultValue` or `value` props respectively.
The value provided to either of these props should be a color string or <TypeLink links={colorTypes.links} type={colorTypes.exports.Color} /> object.
`xChannel` and `yChannel` props may also be provided to specify which color channels the color area should display, and the direction of each channel in the color gradient.
This must be one of the channels included in the color value, for example, for RGB colors, the "red", "green", and "blue" channels are available.
For a full list of supported channels, see the [Props](#props) table below.

In the example below, the <TypeLink links={statelyDocs.links} type={statelyDocs.exports.parseColor} /> function is used to parse the initial color from a HSL string
so that `value`'s type remains consistent.

```tsx example
import {parseColor} from '@react-stately/color';

> 

Reviewer: Would be nice to include the Flex and Label imports here for users to copy paste

  return (
    <Flex gap="size-300" wrap>
      <div>
        <Label id="hsl-uncontrolled-id">x: Saturation, y: Lightness (uncontrolled)</Label>
        <ColorArea
          aria-labelledby="hsl-uncontrolled-id"
          defaultValue={value}
          xChannel="saturation"
          yChannel="lightness" />
      </div>
      <div>
        <Label id="hsl-controlled-id">x: Saturation, y: Lightness (controlled)</Label>
        <ColorArea
          aria-labelledby="hsl-controlled-id"
          value={value}
          onChange={setValue}
          xChannel="saturation"
          yChannel="lightness" />
      </div>
    </Flex>
  );
}
```

## Labeling

By default, ColorArea uses an `aria-label` for the localized string "Color Picker",
which labels the visually hidden `<input>` elements for the two color channels, or on mobile devices,
the group containing them. If you wish to override this with a more specific label, an `aria-label` or
`aria-labelledby` prop may be passed to further identify the element to assistive technologies.
For example, for a ColorArea that adjusts a background color you might pass the `aria-label` prop,

> "Background color", which ColorArea will return as the `aria-label` prop "Background color, Color picker"
> for each of the `<input>` elements, or on mobile devices, the group containing them. If you provide your own

Reviewer: Similar to the feedback in the useColorArea docs, IMO some extraneous language here since you've mentioned it above already:
```suggestion
"Background color", which ColorArea will return as the `aria-label` prop "Background color, Color picker". If you provide your own
```

Note that like [ColorWheel](ColorWheel.html), ColorArea does not include an integrated visible label or a `label` prop.
Use `aria-labelledby` to label the ColorArea using the IDREF assigned to a visible label.

```tsx example
<Flex gap="size-300" wrap alignItems="flex-end">
  <ColorArea
    aria-label="Background color"
    defaultValue="hsl(0, 100%, 50%)"
    xChannel="saturation"
    yChannel="lightness" />
  <div>
    <Label
      id="hsl-aria-labelledby-id">Background color</Label>
    <ColorArea
      aria-labelledby="hsl-aria-labelledby-id"
      defaultValue="hsl(0, 100%, 50%)"
      xChannel="saturation"
      yChannel="lightness" />
  </div>
</Flex>
```

### Accessibility

#### Role description

> In order to communicate to a screen reader user that the ColorArea adjusts in two-dimensions,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In order to communicate to a screen reader user that the ColorArea adjusts in two dimensions,
```

ColorArea automatically uses the current locale to format the `aria-valuetext` for each of the `<input>` element with the channel name and current value.

## Events

ColorArea supports two events: `onChange` and `onChangeEnd`. `onChange` is triggered whenever the ColorArea's handle is dragged, and `onChangeEnd`
is triggered when the user stops dragging the handle. Both events receive a <TypeLink links={colorTypes.links} type={colorTypes.exports.Color} /> object
as a parameter.

The example below uses `onChange` and `onChangeEnd` to update two separate elements with the ColorArea's value.

```tsx example
function Example() {
  let [currentValue, setCurrentValue] = React.useState(parseColor('hsl(50, 100%, 50%)'));
  let [finalValue, setFinalValue] = React.useState(parseColor('hsl(50, 100%, 50%)'));

  return (
    <div>
      <ColorArea
        value={currentValue}
        onChange={setCurrentValue}
        onChangeEnd={setFinalValue} />
      <pre>Current value: {currentValue.toString('hsl')}</pre>
      <pre>Final value: {finalValue.toString('hsl')}</pre>
    </div>
  );
}
```

## Creating a color picker

> To build a fully functional color picker, the ColorArea control, that adjusts two channels of a color value stored in state,
> should be combined with a separate control, like a [ColorSlider](ColorSlider.html) or [ColorWheel](useColorWheel.html), for

Reviewer 2: Maybe re-word this a bit. Not sure if this would be much better:

```suggestion
To build a fully functional color picker, combine a ColorArea, which adjusts two channels of a color value stored in state, with a separate control, like a [ColorSlider](ColorSlider.html) or [ColorWheel](useColorWheel.html), for
```

  let [color, setColor] = React.useState(parseColor('hsba(0, 100%, 50%, 0.5)'));
  let [hueChannel, saturationChannel, brightnessChannel] = color.getColorChannels();
  return (
    <fieldset style={{border: 0}}>
      <legend>{color.getColorSpace().toUpperCase()}A Example</legend>
      <Flex
        direction="column"
        alignItems="start"
        UNSAFE_style={{
          marginTop: 'calc( .25 * var(--spectrum-global-dimension-size-2400))'
        }}>
        <Flex
          alignItems="center"
          direction="column">
          <ColorArea
            xChannel={saturationChannel}
            yChannel={brightnessChannel}
            value={color}
            onChange={setColor}
            size={'size-1200'} />
          <ColorWheel
            value={color}
            onChange={setColor}
            size={'size-2400'}
            UNSAFE_style={{
              marginTop: 'calc( -.75 * var(--spectrum-global-dimension-size-2400))'
            }} />
        </Flex>
        <ColorSlider channel="alpha" value={color} onChange={setColor} />
        <p>Current value: {color.toString(`${color.getColorSpace()}a`)}</p>
      </Flex>
    </fieldset>
  );
}
```

## Props

> <PropTable component={docs.exports.ColorSlider} links={docs.links} />

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<PropTable component={docs.exports.ColorArea} links={docs.links} />
```

ColorArea automatically uses the current locale to format the `aria-valuetext` for each of the `<input>` element with the channel name and current value.

## Events

ColorArea supports two events: `onChange` and `onChangeEnd`. `onChange` is triggered whenever the ColorArea's handle is dragged, and `onChangeEnd`
is triggered when the user stops dragging the handle. Both events receive a <TypeLink links={colorTypes.links} type={colorTypes.exports.Color} /> object
as a parameter.

The example below uses `onChange` and `onChangeEnd` to update two separate elements with the ColorArea's value.

```tsx example
import {ColorArea} from '@react-spectrum/color';
import {parseColor} from '@react-stately/color';

function Example() {
  let [currentValue, setCurrentValue] = React.useState(parseColor('hsl(50, 100%, 50%)'));
  let [finalValue, setFinalValue] = React.useState(parseColor('hsl(50, 100%, 50%)'));

  return (
    <div>
      <ColorArea
        value={currentValue}
        onChange={setCurrentValue}
        onChangeEnd={setFinalValue} />
      <pre>Current value: {currentValue.toString('hsl')}</pre>
      <pre>Final value: {finalValue.toString('hsl')}</pre>
    </div>
  );
}
```

> ## Creating a color picker

Reviewer 3: Ideally we'd have a separate `ColorPicker` page (once we have that component), which would document this. Might be a little strange to have this section on the `ColorArea` page vs any if the other color components.

Author: This was added to provide guidance similar to what we do for `ColorSlider`. One can build a fully featured color picker with `ColorSlider` because each slider can represent a single channel. `ColorWheel` is only for the hue channel, so it's easy to explain, but not really useful without `ColorArea`. `ColorArea` is difficult to explain without understanding how the xChannel and yChannel relate to the external control of the zChannel.

Author: Bottom line, until we devise a fully functional ColorPicker, which would incorporate text inputs for channel values, a swatch to render the current value, and perhaps a "ColorSwatchListBox" for choosing predefined swatches or favorites, and an eyedropper tool for selecting a color from the screen using a cursor. I think we need to include examples on how to combine ColorArea with other controls to create a ColorPicker.

Within Spectrum, Color wheel, Color slider and Color area all have design usage documentation that shows this:

- https://spectrum.adobe.com/page/color-wheel/#Usage-guidelines
- https://spectrum.adobe.com/page/color-slider/#Usage-guidelines
- https://spectrum.adobe.com/page/color-area/#Usage-guidelines
